well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to start off with a
little bit of a
public service announcement the fda has
identified a hundred or more
hand sanitizers that you need to not
use some are ineffective
they have low levels of the active
ingredients
or they have been contaminated with
something else
and they're dangerous um
there will be a link down below that if
you scroll down a little bit it's got a
search bar
type in the name of the hand sanitizer
you have and you'll be able to check to
see if it's on the list
okay so yesterday
the president lashed out at uh
dr fauci via tweet as he tends to do
when he gets bad news
so we're going to talk about that in
depth
and we'll just go ahead and start off by
saying that's one
okay so fauci
he explains why
the u.s is faring worse than european
countries because
they shut down deeper meaning they
closed down like 95
of their economy um whereas we only did
about 50
and we reopened too soon
that that's the statement it's backed up
by fact it's what happened
um the president tweeted out
with a clip of him doing this he says
wrong we have more cases because we have
tested far
more than any other country 60 million
if we tested less there would be less
cases
that's totally not how that works if you
don't know the cases would still be
there
we just wouldn't know
how did italy france and spain do go
ahead and say that's two
right now um now europe sadly has
flare-ups
most of our governors worked hard and
smart that's
we will come back strong
most of the governors um a lot of them
anyway
ignored the guidelines they reopened too
soon this is where we're at
sometimes in some places there was a
lack of compliance
there was there's a whole lot of reasons
for this
it's probably because we don't have
a unified response and we have no
leadership
we have no response from the national
level we have no leadership from the
national level
which would be donald's job
perhaps while this is going on and we're
in the middle of all of this it's not
the best time for the president
to attack the one person that kind of
knows what's going on
that's three um if you're wondering what
i'm counting
on july 30th we lost
a person every 60 seconds
to this
meanwhile the president is golfing
the president is lashing out at the only
person
who seems to have the trust of the
american people
he is encouraging governors to disregard
guidelines
he has politicized this this is why
we're in the situation we're in he made
a bad situation that he had no control
over
worse to where we're at
and there's nothing he can tweet
that's going to change that
if we don't test for it we just don't
know they're there
doesn't mean that people don't die
that's four
this rate if it keeps up
that's uh i mean it's devastating
it's devastating and there's nothing
that is
nothing the administration is proposing
to stop it
they've thrown their hands up they're
trying to
divert and change the subject they're
trying to tweak their way out of it
there are reports that there was
somewhat of a plan but it was scrapped
when it was realized that
most of the impact at the time was
affecting blue states
the president's opposition so he didn't
care
i'd like to point out that in most
states
things are pretty evenly split more or
less
so if you were to let a blue state go
you'd lose a lot of red people too
that's five
you know a blue state isn't wholly
populated by democrats
the president and his team know this
understand if you are a republican
they don't care they do not care about
you they never have
he's a game show host he's good at
branding
he's good at conning the gullible that's
it
he's tweeting out falsehoods
and he's doing so at the expense of
american lives
it's out of hand we still have no
national leadership
the only leadership we're getting at the
national level the president tries to
undermine
at every turn
it's probably something we should
consider and think about
anyway it's just a thought that's six
y'all have a good day